[W-12971020] Document the new Audit Log rate limits per IP (#286)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/audit-logging.adoc

curl 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/audit/v2/organizations/<organization_id>/query?include_internal=false' -H 'Authorization: bearer <bearer_value>' -H 'Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8' -H 'Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*' --data-binary '{"startDate":"2017-03-08T20:16:41.250Z","endDate":"2017-03-08T21:16:41.250Z","platforms":[],"objectTypes":[],"actions":[],"objectIds":[],"userIds":[],"ascending":false,"organizationId":"<organization_id>","offset":0,"limit":25}' --compressed ;
----

=== Rate Limit Policy for Audit Log Query Endpoint

> The Audit Log Query Endpoint applies rate limits per IP in the three control planes: US, EU, and Gov. The following table outlines the rate limits for each control plane:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Audit Log Query endpoint applies rate limits per IP in the three control planes: US, EU, and gov. The following table outlines the rate limits for each control plane:
```

[%header,cols="15a,15a"]
|===
|Control Plane

> |Allowed Requests per minute per IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Allowed requests per minute per IP
```

|US
|700
|EU
|40
|Gov
|40
|===

> If a client exceeds the rate limit for a given control plane, the Audit Log Query Endpoint will return a `503 Service Unavailable` status code until the minute expires. During this time, the service will not be available to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a client exceeds the rate limit for a given control plane, the Audit Log Query endpoint returns a `503 Service Unavailable` status code until the minute expires. During this time, the service is unavailable to the client.
```
